I just turned it back on.
- So how do you guys feel about that?
- I mean, like I don't know, obviously we'll never know
whether Ashley is actually tapped into, you know,
what she says that she is, but whether or not
that was, you know, real, whatever that means.
Like that was a really intense experience.
Like I kind of teared up a couple of times.
And it's interesting like just thinking about what that
can do for you, like I don't think I would have been able
to engage with, you know, these thoughts and like,
you know, emotions I've been having about my grandfather,
like because how else are you gonna do it, right?
Like it almost doesn't matter whether it's,
whether it was a real thing from an emotional perspective
because it felt real.
- Yeah, it sounds like it's a real for you.
- Yeah.
- Joe?
- Well, she also plaids her mother's father.
- Yeah, it's fucking strange.
- It's really good.
Yeah.
I mean, that's how, you know, I like Ashley, I trust her.
I don't think she was doing cold reading,
but that is how cold readings work, right?
- Yeah.
- Sure.
I mean, that's the thing is like, I feel like in that moment,
I could almost sense you guys asking, well,
what's the probability of this?
Like, would she have found whatever the truth is
through whatever method she's using?
Like I was going, yeah, I was going through my head,
like, is this information Googleable?
- Yeah, exactly.
- Or you're really curious.
- Well, did you, you didn't tell her
that we were talking about my grandfather?
- No, I didn't tell her.
I just told her that you were hoping to connect with someone.
- And she doesn't know my last name, you know,
my last name isn't his last name.
- Yeah, and I will say that like, even that thing
that we were all doing when she was doing that,
what are the odds of this?
How did she do this?
I think that's what we need to try to quiet
as we go through this process, right?
Like, you allow yourself to be amazed by that
because that's how you will experience greater meaning
from what follows, right?
- Yeah, I guess that kind of resistance
that questioning that like looking for the proof
and the evidence is what removes you
from being able to engage with that kind of stuff.
- Yeah, exactly.
To the extent, the more you believe that that's,
that she is connecting with him,
the more it'll do for you.
- Evan, how did you feel about all that?
How did you feel about your reading?
- Yeah, I mean, I felt so, I was resistant
to some of the things she said.
I gotta flesh out the, like, really how I'm feeling sort of,
I think over the next couple of days,
but like the immediacy of it.
Yeah, I was resistant to some, it was hard to hear others.
And then some of it, I thought, was pretty spot on.
- Hmm.
It's so funny to me because like, I could hear you.
Not getting much out of it.
And, or this is my interpretation.
I felt like I could hear you not getting much out of it.
At the same time as I was feeling and hearing so much meaning
and acuity in what she was saying
for your life in particular.
- Yeah, I mean, it sounded like the kinds of things
that I would tell you.
- Yeah, and then the reactions were so,
like it really sounded like it wasn't resonating.
- That's what I, but yeah, that's what I was thinking about
exactly as explicitly was like it sounds,
some of it sounds like just advice from a good friend.
- Yeah.
- Which isn't a good thing or a bad thing.
It doesn't make me feel like she was valid or invalid.
It just, yeah, it was like something
I was associating it with.
- But it's interesting, you know,
that the advice from a good friend that she gave you
is very similar to the advice
that we would give you knowing all of the specifics.
- Yeah, that isn't like general advice
that would apply to anyone, what she said.
At least that's not how I view it.
- Sure, yeah.
- I mean, maybe it, like if we think back
to what the questions were, like maybe it fits
with the sort, like the frame of mind of what,
you know, she was saying, but maybe again, that's--
- That's how it's doing, I guess.
- Needle of it.
- Yeah. (laughs)
- Yeah.
- Which I get it, yeah.
- Cool, all right guys, I gotta dip out,
but that was a blast.
- Great, well, can I say what I felt about mine?
- Oh shit, sorry.
- No, no, no, no, no, it was gonna ask me the mind.
Like we can move up.
- If you need to go, like Joey and I could just do that,
like we can cut it together with just you.
- Sorry guys.
- No, that's all right.
- But that was...
- All right, this is a test.
Let's see how it sounds.
It sounds good.
So, Joey, what did you think about your reading?
Is that what the right thing to call it, a reading?
- I think so, yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, I'm doing the thing again,
but to do the thing for a second,
I think I exuded already in the conversation
in the Joey that she has heard in our two calls,
I think I already exuded the qualities
that she recognized in her reading of me, right?
- Right.
- But that said, like, I think it was really poignant.
I really like this idea that I'm going to this place
to blossom, it'll be hard at first,
but then it'll be beautiful and I'll come away
with some really meaningful new relationships,
maybe the relationship and leave.
I like all of those basic features.
- Yeah, I like you leaving the Bay Area too.
- Yeah.
- I just feel like home for Joey.
- Yeah, I know, I don't think it's a natural fit,
but it's also kind of what I need and like, I don't know.
Yeah, and she's, by the way,
like the way I posed my final question was like,
when people have asked me throughout my entire life,
when people have asked me what I want to do,
I've never had an answer, like it's always been bullshit
when I do say something, and I feel like the last like two
months is the first time that has not been true.
The first time I've had an answer that I like
feeling my heart a little bit, and she said,
you're following your intuition, you should keep doing that,
and that is true for maybe the first time in my life,
which is nice.
- Yeah, I mean, I felt the same way with myself,
and also like, you know, from the questions that I asked,
I really wanted to be open and get into mental health stuff
that I've been thinking about lately.
So I asked these questions that are really vulnerable
and kind of speak to struggles that I've been having
recently.
So she could have, you know, I think you could look
at the questions that I asked until I go,
this is a guy who feels as though he's struggling,
so let's talk about struggling stuff.
I don't know, like, that doesn't really,
what it does is show that this isn't like definitive proof
that what Ashley said she does is real, right?
But it isn't proof in the other direction,
it's not proof that it's not real, you can't prove it,
and I guess that's, maybe that's the point?
- Yeah, so I was thinking this when you and Evan were talking
that the reason I loved Ashley and this day,
or this record, is that everything that happens
fits perfectly in the one and the zero, right?
Like in the world where everything that happened
was meaningful and specific to us and real and deep
and prophetic, and in the reality where,
like, everything is statistical and cold reading
and we were mirror, she's just mirroring our energy
and all that, right?
Like, I love that it, like, like everything
we're going to encounter, it's not gonna fall cleanly
in one or the other and it will be up to us
to choose the one, you know?
- Right, I mean, when you talk to people
who have lived their lives believing in all of the stuff
that falls into the category of things
that we're investigating here, right?
And you ask them, you know, how do you know?
It's real often the response you get is like,
well, I feel it, like what, like, like,
I know that I've felt this energy, right?
And that is completely disconnected
from the questions we're asking about facts and reality, right?
Like, if this is useful, if it's providing a service,
if you're getting something out of it,
that's really the only thing that matters
and if you make meaning from that,
that's no better or worse than making meaning
from something that we figured out from talking to,
you know, a psychiatrist with medical training
or reading a study that was, you know,
performed under the highest standards of science, right?
It's all just different ways of deciding what to believe.
- Yeah, exactly.
Like, and like, like her brother, right?
Like, she had this experience of seeing her brother
and interacting with him and like,
there is no, did that happen or didn't that happen?
It happened, she had that experience,
she described it to us, you know what I mean?
The only thing you can ask is if she's lying or not,
and I think we all believe that the answer is
definitely not, she is not a liar.
- Certainly didn't feel to me like she was being dishonest
at any point.
- Yeah, so beyond that, like, there is no reality or not,
that it is real, like that experience happened.
- The experiences are valid.
- Yeah, exactly.
And like, I don't know, like today is perfect
'cause it would have been like dumb, or it wouldn't have,
like it would have been almost less interesting
if she, like the plaid thing and the train thing,
if it was just like a billion details like that,
that it was like, oh shit!
Like, that isn't, that would have been shittier
than the day we got, you know?
- Hmm.
I almost, I wanna talk to a skeptic,
like one of these people who debunks this stuff
and ask them, you know, first of all,
it would be interesting to hear them go through this
in line, by line, just decimate our experience
and talk about why it's all dumb
and we're just a bunch of sheep, you know,
we're marks that have had the wolf hole over our eyes,
there's two sheep men and boys, right?
But then ask them, like, what does it matter
if you're deriving meaning from it?
Like, is there anything wrong with that
if this is just getting in touch with, you know,
this, you know, deeper self and the things that you know
when you're in tuition, right?
If you're tapping into that, it doesn't really matter
how you're doing it.
At least in this situation where Ashley, you know,
isn't ripping anyone off or, you know,
operating some kind of giant scam
unless, you know, she's really playing the long con yet.
It could be years from now she'd be like,
well, I would love to do this again with you, but--
- You'll have to pay me $5.
(both laughing)
- Yeah.
- So where do we go from here?
I guess I gotta unblock my chakras, right?
- Yeah, I think so.
- I think that's next.
Yeah, I didn't really get any,
oh no, I have to talk to God, that's some homework.
You talk to God, all Google chakras,
that's what she told me to do.
And I guess I gotta leave my apartment,
I gotta go outside.
- Yeah, I love that.
- That sounds like the hardest part.
- I love that she said like,
you don't have to like become an outdoorsy type.
I was like, I was like,
is she about to tell Thomas he has to go climb out Marcy?
Oh my God.
(both laughing)
- I think that's it.
- Yeah, it's great.
- We can't be without Evan for longer anyway.
- Yeah.
(upbeat music)
*silence*
I mean for me it was kind of a big deal.
Like I was able, I think to work through some stuffs and like difficult feelings that I had about my grandfather, especially since he died,
that I don't really know how else I would have been able to process, you know?
Like the stuff that I got of it, I don't think I could have gotten out of therapy.
And I'm trying to turn the skeptical part of my brain off that wants to pick apart all the reasons why that wasn't real
and I know we weren't really talking to my dead grandpa because it doesn't matter because I got something out of it.
And likewise, the sort of more general life advice she gave me, I mean actually doesn't know me, but the things that she said I think were really useful
and it is the kind of stuff that I want to work on, you know, emotionally or whatever as I'm trying to become a better person.
So for me it was kind of a big deal.
And then Evan just talked, what are you saying?
You can cut my shit over, right?
I can just move your stuff over there.
Evan said how crazy it is that she nailed.
Well I said it gave her credibility and it validated herself a little bit by nailing home those three facts.
Yeah, I mean I'm sure if we talk to someone who debunk psychics, right, there's these people that that's like their whole job, presumably,
they could pick apart all the reasons why it's not amazing that she was able to, you know, guess or whatever it is, all these details about my relationship with my grandpa
and the fact that I wanted to talk to him and like what, you know, color the jacket that he gave me was, but it really did help me lock in that she was saying all these things that were bizarrely coincidental.
And you found meaning out of those coincidences, right?
That's right, yeah.
Yeah, I mean it was amazing, I don't know.
Maybe some expert would say it's not amazing, but I was pretty impressed.
Yeah, I mean I guess that it was vague enough that we could just be like, well that's how a cold reading works.
You say like very like, you know, broad things and you let the person know I might get some of this wrong and it's okay, like don't worry about it.
But it is what it is, as I was going through it, it felt real, it felt meaningful.
But like Mother's father is not that broad.
I gotta say, yeah sorry, Joe, go ahead.
No, just that.
I mean I was gonna go further and be like, the probability that she got, that it's your mother's father, plaid t-shirts and trains out of the entire English language, like what is the probability of that?
That's gotta be like astronomically low, right?
It is, except it was a plaid jacket, not a plaid t-shirt.
Does that matter?
I don't think it matters because she said the vision was like fuzzy, like, you know, it's not like she can pinpoint like...
She didn't say plaid t-shirt, does she?
I think she said plaid.
No, I was saying like maybe you should say it again and say jacket, because we decided it was a jacket as we were doing it.
Oh, I just maybe...
I don't think it matters.
Yeah, but okay, so...
It's interesting because it's like there's these two facets, right?
There's the sense of meaning and then there's this sense of coincidence.
And the two are kind of unrelated, like the things you got out of it, it's...
are kind of separate from...
Like it's not like...
The thing you've been...
The thing you say...
The thing you're saying you've been meaning to work through and this gave you a chance, it was not that he gave you a plaid jacket, right?
Yeah, that's exactly right.
The jacket's great.
So it's kind of like beside the point, but also it like sets you up emotionally for this sense of meaning, I guess.
Yeah, definitely.
And if I have it correctly, I think you wrote God's Voices Quiet on a whiteboard?
Yeah, I did.
That is not the only thing I've been rotating Ashley saying on that whiteboard all week.
So yeah, for a while I had God's Voices Quiet.
And then I said you're better at listening than feeling, or I said listen, don't feel.
And I've kind of taken that and run with it because, well, okay, this is a whole other thing.
I want to hear Evan's...
Yeah, Evan, I feel like Joey and I were able to turn off the no woo woo parts of our brains and engage with it, but it seemed like maybe you had a slightly harder time with that than we did.
Uh...
I don't know.
Actually, I think I'm going to push back on that.
So I think just like zooming out in general, so I don't know if this has been clear up to this point or not, but I actually don't...
My position on the woo is that I don't not believe in it.
My position is that I just don't know.
And so I'm like excited and open to explore.
I mean, you know, I think like...
The fact, you know, yeah, I mean that's my position.
So it's not that I'm closed off to it, it's not that I have a problem being open to it.
I mean, sure, I think some things like if it were crystals, like depending on like what within the realm of woo woo that we're experimenting and exploring, I might be a little bit more skeptical than say others, but like...
Again, I'm not like closed off from this stuff.
It's more than I'm just like...
I take the position always usually of like, "Ah, I don't know, like there's no evidence. It's hard to prove."
But that doesn't mean it doesn't exist, right?
So it is.
And you know crystals are next, right?
I mean, I'm looking forward to it. It sounds great.
I mean, yeah, I grew up in Sedona, Arizona. I was born in bread with crystals.
[laughter]
So maybe the thing I fixated on with Evan, which I thought was your resistance to the reading, was actually a resistance to specifically what she was saying with regard to you.
Because like there was this moment where she asked you like, "Did any of this resonate?" And you kind of were like vaguely like, "Yeah, some of that sounds good."
And then we went to my reading and I started it by being like, "Well, wait, can we talk about Evan for a second? Because everything you said sounded so on point."
And he seemed to not react to it.
Yeah, but it wasn't skepticism. Sorry, I cut you off, Joe.
No, so I guess maybe it's not skepticism about the act of reading, but maybe it's skepticism. Maybe it's like you...
It was specific to what she was saying.
So how did you feel about the things that she told you the advice she gave me?
Yeah, like I thought some of it was on and some of it was slightly off, you know? I think that's...
What do you think was slightly off?
Well, what do you think was slightly off?
Nothing.
So, like, I heard her reading of the... I think it was the most impressive of the three for me, like the most on point of the three for me.
Like every statement she made felt resonant to me, and I could see you not deriving much meaning from it.
Yeah, almost everything that she said was very close to advice that I would give you.
Like, I wouldn't have come up with you need to develop a spiritual practice, but pretty much everything else I think is stuff that I have said to you in the past.
I would say that you need to develop a spiritual practice if I didn't think that it was pointless to say.
Like, that's in my heart, but I would never say it to you.
Sure, yeah. What were some of the three, I guess...
I'm curious what you guys think were the three sort of most spot-on things that she said about me?
Well, she was talking about your job search, and she said maybe you need to expand where you're looking and start trying different things,
which I think is really good advice. Like, you've been mostly applying to startups and tech jobs, right?
And maybe there's another way forward if that hasn't been working.
Yeah, it has kind of been a one-track search, and she was saying, like, look in a different direction, which is pretty smart.
Right, sure. And then she was... And then you were talking about... And then you asked when will I find a partner,
and her advice was essentially you need to work on yourself first, and that stuff comes after you develop a better relationship with yourself.
And even though you are pretty secure in your own person, I think there is some opening up and softening that you could do, you know, emotionally and psychologically.
And that's the really hard one. So first, I want to say the easier one, which is...
She said that the next person you find, she had this funny yoga thing, right? So she said the next person you find, first of all, is going to come sooner than all of this work is done.
I think that's so true. And like, I think you're not going to go through the full breakup arc before the next one, the real one comes.
And then she also said that this person will be someone who has done all of that interior work, which is really, really different than the person you just broke up with.
It'll be someone who's in touch with their own innermost feeling, somebody who hangs out at a yoga studio. I don't know, that sounds super resonant to me.
So, yeah, I guess the reason why, you know, maybe what came across as me not really connecting with what she was saying is, so for the job search, the "when will I be ready for a relationship?"
And then, "Who will my next partner likely be?" Or what kind of person they'll be? It's all again, it's just like, yeah, I mean, it sounds great, but at the end of the day, I don't know.
I mean, none of us actually know, right? Like, you know, if you were to ask me, like, if I were to ask you guys that same question about, you know, "When will I be ready to find another partner?"
Yeah, you might give me the exact same advice, and it's true, but again, it's not like, I don't know if, like, so what separates one of you from, like, my point is, is like, what is the difference when that information comes from one of my close friends, like one of you guys, or whether it comes from a median/psychic?
Like, what is, like, the component that this person is adding that, like, makes it special, right? Because again, like you both said, either one of you could have given me this exact same information, you know?
Well, I guess for me what separates it is the fact that Ashley gave you the same advice that I would give you feels like magic, right? Like, how did she know to give you the same advice that I would give you as someone who's been your friend for years now?
And whether or not that's meaningful to you is a really personal thing, and I don't think that should give--
Not that, again, but like, we prompted her with these questions, right?
So she knew that I had just recently gotten into a-- that I'm dealing with a breakup, because we told her that.
She knows that I'm looking for a new job because I told her that, and so it's, you know, it's not that much of a stretch, really at all, for somebody to be like, yeah, like, you probably are feeling a little shut down, you're feeling a little hurt right now.
You know, the next person is gonna come when, like, you're opening up back, you're opening back up a little bit more, you're ready to accept love, et cetera, et cetera.
It's like that just, to me, is like a logical next step, but maybe you're right, like, I don't know, maybe I-- maybe it is something more anomalistic that this person who's a complete stranger gave me this similar advice.
So is there anything that she said that you have carried with you throughout the last week or so that did feel meaningful or after useful?
Yeah, the job search stuff. I mean, not that I feel like what she told me was very ground breaking, but, you know, it is interesting.
Certainly that she mentioned that I should broaden, sort of, the scope within which I'm applying, you know, and I've really tried to take that to hearts and, you know, now jobs that I look for online that I think I might be right for.
I'm also looking that they're sort of outside of what I've normally been applying to and, like, the startup world, like that kind of community, like I'm applying now to larger companies and et cetera, et cetera.
So yeah, that's something that I've certainly taken with me and have focused on since we talked with Ashley.
So I guess my question then is for you, was the Ashley experience a failed experiment or did it work for you?
I don't know if I'm looking at it in a failure or a non-failure, sort of. That's not something that I'm really concerned about.
Certainly it's not a failure, right? I mean, I can easily say that. But it's not like I haven't thought about it in terms of success or failure.
It was just more of like a really interesting experience, right? I'm like, essentially, just getting a lot more information about this new world that I've never really experienced before in my life.
And then at the end of this entire project, right, I'll take all these data points and I'll just see how I feel.
And at that point, maybe I'll have shifted one way or the other. Maybe I won't. But it's not like success or failure.
I think what's important for me anyways is to look at the entire arc and see where I stand at the end of it.
So I want to go back if that's okay. Like a few minutes ago, you were talking, Evan, about how her advice is not much of a stretch given the information that you've given her.
It's not that crazy that she would be that on point. Correct. So I misspoke earlier when I said I was wrong about your skepticism.
That is skepticism about the process. That is not skepticism about her particular advice.
You're saying the things she said to you, which were on point, were not impressive because she was cold reading or something like that.
But again, I'm not like, I'm still open to the idea, but I'm not that easily impressed. That's all I'm saying, right?
I don't know if, you know, I don't know if skepticism is the right word to describe that. It's more of just like, sure, yeah, she said some interesting things, but like very easily this could be, you know, this other thing.
It doesn't mean that I believe it is her just doing like a cold reading. It just means like, yeah, it's possible, right? But it also goes along with that is, is, is, yeah, me just not being so like easily impressed with people.
So I saw a lot. Can I give one note to everyone, including myself? I'm just looking at the sound waves here. The more breaks between sentences, the more likely I'll be able to include people's thoughts.
Because if it's super long, I'm going to have to cut the whole thing because if it's like 40 seconds, then it's just me like just consecutive talking.
Yeah, if it's a good, like, if you like, just like, I think if we all take more breaths and even when I was looking back at my own shit, it's the same problem.
So like, yeah, more more breaths in between thoughts.
So, so what's interesting to me there, Evan, is that I saw...
That was disgusting, sorry, fucking Christ.
So what's interesting to me, Evan, is that I saw a lot of poignancy in your reading. I felt your defenses up at that time and I feel like that's being...
I feel like that's being validated now.
Sorry, I'm not done. I saw your defenses up at that time and I feel like that's being validated now.
And it's clear that I think what you should ask yourself, what I would like you to ask yourself, is this resistance, this skepticism that you can't let go of, preventing you from seeing the meaning in your reading that I saw in your reading.
I guess my question to you, then both of you maybe is. So, you both seem to not, or at least you, Joe, Joe seem to not have any skepticism going into this experience with Ashley.
So does that mean you believe her that she is a psychic and that she is a medium 100%?
Because if the answer is no, then we're not different. I think you can put any kind of label on it that you want. And to me, like defenses and skepticism, there is a negative connotation in my mind about those in the context of what we're trying to do here.
And the reality is like I said, it's not that I'm skeptic in my mind or I'm defensive, it's just that like, I don't know, and it's rational thinking in my mind that it's rational thinking to me to just be like, oh yeah, there are other ways that this information could be coming up.
But it doesn't mean that's what it is, it just means that it's possible.
Well, I think the interesting thing is based on what I've heard from you guys, I think going into this, I might be the most skeptical, most stuck in enlightenment thinking of the three of us.
And I, over the last week, have been thinking a lot about what Ashley said and the parts of myself that are totally skeptical that don't believe that she's a psychic, when I allow that to enter my thinking, the feeling of meaning and usefulness that I got out of what she said starts to follow.
And I've been trying to push that out a little bit and just embrace this idea and swim in this, it's not even uncertainty, but in this space where I'm allowing it to be real and meaningful, because otherwise, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, when you frame the problem in terms of how skeptical or un-skeptical you are, you're already bringing skepticism into it, right? Like, it's not that I'm not a skeptic, it's that I was not asking the question, is this real or is this not real?
Right? If you ask that question, you're already doing the thing. You're already saying how outrageous is it that she would guess this, or is it totally reasonable that she would guess this?
Given the questions we ask, you're already doing that rationalizing, that equation of that enlightenment thing. The meaning I get is from not asking.
Just a little meta-analysis, for our show, it seems like we're going in this direction anyway, but if you're a skeptical guy, this is all bullshit.
That's kind of useful narratively that one of us is like, "Come on, but I don't want you to put that on." It's even better than that, because I'm saying it as a mic for no reason, because there's this weird two-level thing going on right now, which is that Evan, it's true, Evan used to do all this crazy woo-woo shit, he's not opposed to it in principle, and you are in principle, but not in practice.
But Evan had trouble engaging with it on the same level in practice. I think there's this extra thing happening.
I don't know if that's true. I don't know if I had issues engaging with it in practice. I'm curious.
It's not about, at least for me, I wasn't thinking in the moment, is Ashley real or is she not?
To me, I was trying to keep in my mind, "Am I, are we getting meaning out of this or aren't we?" I think that, for me, was the most important part of this experience.
Just because what she said may not have resonated with me as much as it resonated with you guys, it doesn't mean that I didn't get some meaning out of it.
I'm trying to just gauge it by those metrics rather than the former.
Yeah, I hear you. You disagree that your skepticism prevented you?
You disagree that you had your defenses up during that reading?
No, I'm not saying that. Maybe they were up to some degree. I think the real answer to that is all of our defenses were up to some varying degree.
Maybe mine were up more than yours and I just wasn't aware of it. I just wasn't trying to focus on that. I wasn't focusing on the questions that might have made those defenses even stronger.
Can you imagine going to a psychic again for help or advice in your life in the future?
This isn't the first psychic that I've been to. Please tell us more. Come on.
What?
Yeah, this isn't the first psychic that I've seen.
What other times have you been to a psychic and why?
I went to a psychic in Sedona and I went to a psychic in Los Angeles one time.
Did you think that they were real?
Again, I went in being like, I don't know.
When you left, what did you think?
That's a good question. It's been too many years for me to really recall what I was feeling after I left.
I went in for very specific reasons and I was looking for very specific answers.
I was using the psychic and I was seeing the psychic for a very different purpose than what we're seeing Ashley for in this project.
Fuck, I forgot what I was going to say because I was making like calming me because of how good that was.
He was a different person than he was going into it.
So did you get out of it?
You're going to ask me what I asked them?
I was going to say, did you get what you wanted out of it when you went those times?
Again, it was so long ago that it's hard for me to recall exactly what I asked, but I do remember feeling satisfied with the experience that I had with them.
I don't think I was jumping for joy, but if nothing else, you can get a different perspective.
Whether or not one of the psychics greatest power is to just get you to think about your life in a different way than what you were previously thinking about it before you went in there.
I certainly remember leaving there being like, I'm thinking about this issue and I'm thinking about this question that I can mean you within a different way.
So it sounds like long story short, you might recommend psychics to people.
I think after the experience that I had, I kind of agree.
Yeah, I'm 100% yes, on psychics.
But I can get on board with that, but I think it's important to explain our perspective in using psychics.
And as long as they're not ripping you off, a lot of these people are charlatans.
Well, actually excluded.
I can't not dig into that.
I mean, I think even- Sorry, Madam.
No, just say more, Evan.
We can include.
There's no way we can include a lot more than we'll be able to have.
I know, but like all of this is going to be cut, right?
I don't know how to have a conversation.
Well, we can keep going.
I don't know.
We might get the best part.
Sure.
Well, I mean, you want to- Yeah, go ahead.
No, we can just- We can talk about it more later.
I don't know how to not talk about it.
Do we- I think- Like, what did you want to get on tape out of this?
Do we get it?
Yeah, pretty much.
Okay, let's stop.
I think we shouldn't dig into it more, actually, because we're going to go and start going in circles.
We already did a little bit.
I don't think we should be doing it.
We're going to go ahead and start going in circles.